have you helped for a while. This is a lot of my career. I'm sure we'll
do it your time. So the first thing about morale is to get the word
out, get the proper word out because there is going to be a ruminant.
We're not going. All know, we've been extended another 30 days now.
We've been extended of 60 days. Hey, did you hear? We're going Thio,
Australia. They won't think you as divisional search team is hit
the right word out on people who always try that rundown rumors. That's
one thing about the day. There will never be a shortage off scuttle
butt and rumors out there. So one away you help around is by doing
that is is getting the word out? No, we're not going to Australia.
Yes, we have been extended, but we've only been extended by two
days. Not that you could get that word. Get out what you can. And then
you become known as the person that's got the scoop. It's got gabs.
That's got the right, um, other things. Helping, uh, you know, hot
walks, you know, football games or help the group Go do something.
Yeah, they will get to go to this is gonna be all kinds of things.
Getting award out is the most, of course, because people just wanted
to try to plan their lives a little bit. Have all shit a lot. You can't
help that.